hey guys this is Simon sage from I more
we are at pax east 2013 checking out Eon
alter we've got I'm Scott I'm the lead
developer on an altar awesome also we've
got a whole bunch of iPad minis here and
a central touchscreen pc that's looking
like it's the central hub here how's
this all working so we're seeing here is
some pretty hardcore hardware that we're
using here for demonstration but this
game is basically it's a template on
video game this is not to be played for
two to five players but it can be played
on any number of devices the device
you're seeing in the center is our
exploration this is the board they give
you call out that represent two
exploration on our game it's a shared
device has to be any tableting to be an
Android iPad or any windows 8
multi-touch surface
and then each player UC has their own
devices right now we're using my
company's with this could also be
I
right on so it looks like a pretty kind
of traditional RPG is there anything
that really sets it apart well it's the
lace I'll have fun really excited about
we
we love paper games we love board games
we really wanted to recreate the
experience of players sitting around the
table and playing
so we've taken the screen we put it on
the table
so what you're seeing here is each
player has their own character these
characters roll cremains but they all
have their unique backstories throw
and we do have a point register
trying to get to a place called again
altar
our Holy Grail or our ultimate treasure
and they all have their own reasons in
their own motivations to get there very
cool so how was a house gameplay set up
in terms of what gives us is it like a
single linear campaign or is there like
multiplayer competitive co-op how's that
all structured able to be delayed
cooperatively each of the five players
that are playing
together to try and get to the end of
each level levels going to be about an
hour gameplay experience
there's gonna be a sensual quest the
players are trying to accomplish at that
time but we're looking at a number of
levels that will progress in a linear
fashion and so these characters actually
reach the altar in a comfortable very
cool so when is this coming out and when
do we get two months when it's released
expect to see it on
top story in
Android Google Play
embracing all yet
lop the head says respectively
tablet version this little hybrid
and
very cool looks great thanks a lot thank
you very much
you